This course contains a lot of new information.
So to make that information a bit easier to digest and remember I've included a PD f guide with the
class.
This is essentially a one hundred and twelve page e-book which contains a lecture notes code examples
and documentation links for everything covered in the class.
Video is my favorite way to learn something new but it's a poor reference tool.
If you forget what something was called or where it was initially explained it can be really hard to
dig through hours of video to find that the goal with the PD f guide is to give you that information
in a way that scandal so you can easily find it and use it to do whatever you were trying to do.
You can download the PDL guide as part of the lecture resources for this lesson so take a moment to
download it crack it open and see what it's all about.
All right that is it for this welcome s..
Let's go ahead and jump right into the class.